Refactor README and blog content for clarity and consistency: (#6557)
layer5io/layer5: src/collections/programs/gsoc-2021/index.mdx

  </ul>
</div>
<div>
  <b>cloud native Interface - Support for Multi-Cluster Operations</b>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <b>Description</b>: Facilitate federation cloud native deployments across
      Kubernetes clusters, considering for service catalog federation and
      identity federation. Account for 1) multiple Kubernetes clusters using the

>       same cloud native, 2) hetrogenius workloads (Kubernetes, VMs, Bare metal)
>       using the same cloud native, 3) multiple Kubernetes clusters using
>       different cloud nativees (e.g. Istio and Linkerd), 4) heterogeneous
>       workloads using different cloud nativees (e.g. Istio, Consul).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      same cloud native, 2) heterogeneous workloads (Kubernetes, VMs, Bare metal)
      using the same cloud native, 3) multiple Kubernetes clusters using
      different cloud natives (e.g. Istio and Linkerd), 4) heterogeneous
      workloads using different cloud natives (e.g. Istio, Consul).
```

>       same cloud native, 2) hetrogenius workloads (Kubernetes, VMs, Bare metal)
>       using the same cloud native, 3) multiple Kubernetes clusters using
>       different cloud nativees (e.g. Istio and Linkerd), 4) heterogeneous
>       workloads using different cloud nativees (e.g. Istio, Consul).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      same cloud native, 2) heterogeneous workloads (Kubernetes, VMs, Bare metal)
      using the same cloud native, 3) multiple Kubernetes clusters using
      different cloud native (e.g. Istio and Linkerd), 4) heterogeneous
      workloads using different cloud native (e.g. Istio, Consul).
```

Author: THanks!, Please just merge your corrections. 👍

Reviewer: Yeah, I was making suggestions as I go through the changes and was planning to batch commit them at the end. @leecalcote
